When talking about cheating in a multiplayer game, usually the suspension rate is one of a major aspects of it which you can only avoid to some extent. Same applies to the League of Legends and DotA 2, the first thing you should acknowledge when starting using PlaySharp or any other scripting software is that **we cannot guarantee the safety of your account from getting banned**. It is usually mentioned in most of our announcement that you should only use our software on accounts which you can afford to lose, otherwise you might feel frustrated after getting a suspension on one of your accounts you put a lot of effort (*or money, or both*) in, and we won't be able to help you.

This article is focused to give you an overall idea about how to minimize the chance of your account getting banned, however you should keep in mind that at some point you might get suspended anyways. Following steps will help you avoid manual bans as well as avoid some of detections we are aware of:

1. **Only use software and assemblies downloaded from the official website: [joduska.me](http://joduska.me)!** Usage of similar or cracked software from third-party websites or persons will potentionally expose and might increase the chance of getting banned.
2. **Only use PlaySharp when the core is updated to the current patch**. In most cases, the core is disabled when its not up-to-date, however sometimes you can use the hotfix to inject. Don't use hotfixes if you want your account to last longer.
3. **Do not use exploits**. Sharing them on the forum is prohibited for a reason that you will definitely get banned from the game if you use them.
4. **Don't use assemblies which have unhumanlike behaviour**. This includes assemblies which put wards in the same place everytime, for example. Such data may be tracked and recorded by the game provider and be used to identify you as a scripter.
5. **Use humanizers**. There are assemblies which main purpose is to limit the amount of actions per second as well as to set some delay to actions performed by the assembly. It makes you look more human and harder to guess if you cheat or not.

Sticking to these rules should help you avoid unneeded attention from game providers and their sneaky anticheat software. Remember to rely on your smart judgement if you want to keep safe and we will do our part to make the software we provide as secure as possible. Thanks for being part of the community!
